docs: add yarn link error solution (#5884)
vuejs/vue-cli: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# if you have the old vue-cli installed globally, you may
# need to uninstall it first.
cd packages/@vue/cli

> # before yarn link, you can delete the link in ~/.config/yarn/link @vue (refer iissue: [yarn link error message is not helpful](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn/issues/7054))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# before yarn link, you can delete the link in `~/.config/yarn/link/@vue` (see issue: [yarn link error message is not helpful](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn/issues/7054))
```
